raer winter rain drenches the ruins of
Gaza driven from the homes by the
Israeli War Machine people in the camp
have flipped bombs and pullets now they
are at the mercy of the
elements Maher has been reinforcing his
tent his fears his like many others
could be blowing away by
storms the weather is very disturbing
the situation is very difficult winds
are strong it rains heavily this is our
life now the tent full on us every night
and you've seen yourself the condition
of the tent in which I live we ask Allah
Almighty to stop this disastrous
Calamity to put an end to this war and
to help us return safe to our
homes the old and the eum need care
that's difficult and often impossible to
find and children are among those made
homeless all face the cold and drain of
gaza's winter none have what they need
to ensure their survival Des bless
Palestinians here lack all basic
necessities and now the tents that are
living in are flooding with winter
clothes and short supply they have no
choice but to endure the harsh weather
conditions as long as it
lasts water has been pouring into tents
during storms people often feel life
here is impossible but must do what they
can to get
by
the situation is very difficult the
heavy rains made the tents mattresses
and blankets very wet the men have
managed with difficulty to use stones to
create a kind of gate that prevents more
water from getting in the situation here
is
disastrous more desperate people arrive
in the camps every day driven South as
Israeli forces Advance tents and
supplies are already hard to come by
soon they will have to stretch even
further taraz Al jazer Rafa in southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer